Like what's going on
Who asked the Ye family to give Ye Wanting the position of vice president?
of
Instead of letting him destroy the Ye family, he doesn't want to believe it
I'm going to make friends with the Qin family
Then I have to part ways with you
I came to find Young Master Qin myself
Ye Wanru, you traitor
It's really hard to prevent thieves
After taking the land in Nancheng for this money
The cooperation of Diyuan Group will be connected
How enviable!
It seems that the Ye family will never turn over in Jiangcheng
Now.
Next thing you should have understood
Who is the Heaven of Jiangcheng?
Yang Wanting, don't say I won't give you a chance.
I'll give you one more chance.
Come follow me and be my little lover
beast
People are your main room
You adulterers and whores are so shameless
Look what time it is and you still say this
Apologize with me
You get out
Do you hear me?
The Ye family no longer welcomes you, wait a minute
I'll ask you in a few weeks.
When will Diyun Group release accurate information saying
Nancheng is going to be developed
No, what do you mean?
The whole process is now being transmitted.
Is it still fake?
Or do you have the internal contract of Diyun Group?
Good idea.
We'll see won't we.
Check out the mobile phone to insert an urgent message
Diyun Group President Clarifies
Earth Cloud Group
There are no plans to develop the Nancheng land
Please don't blindly stir up the land
It's fake